so this is the macbook pro doing a just
a quick video to accompany my reviews
you can see what I'm talking about you
can see here the keyboard their hat we
have with this machine now one of the
things I really like about this is
effected it's backlit if I cover up the
side don't want to cover the light you
can see that all the keys light up here
which is really nice for when I'm in you
know low light situation I can actually
see the keys and of course you know
you've put the light back on it which
will do here and I turn off so it is
light responsive which is quite nice
we've got the multi-touch trackpad on it
actually get to you get used to it I
used to think that I would want to use a
mouse fairly often whether that I don't
the screen is a 15-inch it's got 1440 x
900 resolution it's actually a really
good image on the screen and it's got a
much larger resolution that actually my
prior laptop did and we can't really
complain they really fit a lot on to a
15-inch screen the 17 inches course a
larger screen by 2 inches but in reality
i don't see why anybody would need to go
to the 17 your screen unless you're
doing you know hardcore video editing or
something like that we go over to the
side you can see some of the ports that
we have now up here as a DDI then we've
got the networking ethernet port you've
got a couple of firewire ports here and
we've got the USB now when i did the on
the text part of this review I said that
I didn't really like the placement of
this USB now if I come back out a little
bit you can see it's right basically in
the middle of the machine on the right
and the problem is is if you plug a USB
mouse into this it sticks out coming out
of this pork coming out of you know
maybe you didn't have two inches about
the out to hear the thing is those of us
who are right-handed are going to be
sitting here like this using the USB now
so it just sticks out I think it's in
the way actually I think it would be a
little better
to put the poor back here in the back I
can see right here but with the design
that they have while they can't because
the way that the hinge work for the
screen but the back would actually be
quite nice over here on the left side of
the machine you can see with it we have
where the power goes in right now the
machines running on battery another USB
port and then a couple of audio jacks
this is the Express card slot this
placement of the USB port is completely
falling because may bless your left hand
ax the thing is even for a left-handed
person it's further up the unit so you
can always use the USB mouse and you
have a little bit more room to do it so
it's just the placement of the one on
the other side that I find to be a
little bit wonky otherwise it's a you
know very well designed laptop you had
this little button here in order to open
it up got the traditional apple logo on
the back there's really nothing so it's
a very slick design unit and that is
basically just a quick little video to
accompany my macbook pro 15-inch